README.md, before:

# Frontend Mentor - Multi-step form solution

This is a solution to the [Multi-step form challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/multistep-form-YVAnSdqQBJ). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects. 

## Table of contents

- [The challenge](#the-challenge)
- [Links](#links)
- [Built with](#built-with)

## The challenge

Users should be able to:

- Complete each step of the sequence
- Go back to a previous step to update their selections
- See a summary of their selections on the final step and confirm their order
- View the optimal layout for the interface depending on their device's screen size
- See hover and focus states for all interactive elements on the page
- Receive form validation messages if:
  - A field has been missed
  - The email address is not formatted correctly
  - A step is submitted, but no selection has been made

## Links

- Solution URL: [https://github.com/tossik8/multi-step-form](https://github.com/tossik8/multi-step-form)
- Live Site URL: [https://multi-step-form-h7x5.onrender.com/step-1](https://multi-step-form-h7x5.onrender.com/step-1)

*Note*: The site is hosted with a free hosting plan and is spun down after a period of inactivity. This means that it might take some extra time for the page to load initially, but there should be no delay after that. 

## Built with

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- CSS custom properties
- [HTMX](https://htmx.org/) - JS library
- [Jinja](https://jinja.palletsprojects.com/) - Templating engine
- [FastAPI](https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/) - Web framework
- Mobile-first workflow

Commit message:

Add a screenshot of the first page to the README

README.md, after:

# Frontend Mentor - Multi-step form solution

This is a solution to the [Multi-step form challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/multistep-form-YVAnSdqQBJ). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects. 

## Table of contents

- [The challenge](#the-challenge)
- [Result](#result)
- [Links](#links)
- [Built with](#built-with)

## The challenge

Users should be able to:

- Complete each step of the sequence
- Go back to a previous step to update their selections
- See a summary of their selections on the final step and confirm their order
- View the optimal layout for the interface depending on their device's screen size
- See hover and focus states for all interactive elements on the page
- Receive form validation messages if:
  - A field has been missed
  - The email address is not formatted correctly
  - A step is submitted, but no selection has been made

## Result

![First step of the form](first-form-step.png)

## Links

- Solution URL: [https://github.com/tossik8/multi-step-form](https://github.com/tossik8/multi-step-form)
- Live Site URL: [https://multi-step-form-h7x5.onrender.com/step-1](https://multi-step-form-h7x5.onrender.com/step-1)

**Note**: The site is hosted with a free hosting plan and is spun down after a period of inactivity. This means that it might take some extra time for the page to load initially, but there should be no delay after that. 

## Built with

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- CSS custom properties
- [HTMX](https://htmx.org/) - JS library
- [Jinja](https://jinja.palletsprojects.com/) - Templating engine
- [FastAPI](https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/) - Web framework
- Mobile-first workflow
